com/example/parienligne/models/PariAllInfo.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.PariAllInfo
com/example/parienligne/databinding/ActivityAccueilBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.ActivityAccueilBinding
com/example/parienligne/databinding/RowCategorieBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.RowCategorieBinding
com/example/parienligne/databinding/ContentAccueilBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.ContentAccueilBinding
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/compte/CompteFragment.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.compte.CompteFragment
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.compte.CompteFragment$1
com/example/parienligne/models/ChampCategorieSubItem.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.ChampCategorieSubItem
com/example/parienligne/vues/AccueilActivity.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.AccueilActivity
 com.example.parienligne.vues.AccueilActivity$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.AccueilActivity$2
 com.example.parienligne.vues.AccueilActivity$3
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/home/HomeFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$ActionNavHomeToNavPari
com/example/parienligne/vues/CompteActivity.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.CompteActivity
com/example/parienligne/vues/ScannerActivity.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ScannerActivity
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ScannerActivity$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ScannerActivity$1$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ScannerActivity$2
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ScannerActivity$3
com/example/parienligne/databinding/RowChampBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.RowChampBinding
com/example/parienligne/databinding/FragmentHistoriqueBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.FragmentHistoriqueBinding
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.home.HomeFragment$1$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.home.HomeFragment$MyAdapter
com/example/parienligne/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/parienligne/databinding/ActivityScannerBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.ActivityScannerBinding
com/example/parienligne/services/IServicePointDeVente.java
 com.example.parienligne.services.IServicePointDeVente
com/example/parienligne/databinding/FragmentMappingBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.FragmentMappingBinding
com/example/parienligne/models/modelTest/SubItem.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.modelTest.SubItem
com/example/parienligne/models/TypePari.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.TypePari
com/example/parienligne/vues/adapter/ChampCategorieSubItemAdapter.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.ChampCategorieSubItemAdapter
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.ChampCategorieSubItemAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.ChampCategorieSubItemAdapter$SubItemViewHolder
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.ChampCategorieSubItemAdapter$SubItemViewHolder$1
com/example/parienligne/vues/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.LoginActivity
 com.example.parienligne.vues.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.parienligne.vues.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.parienligne.vues.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.parienligne.vues.LoginActivity$5
 com.example.parienligne.vues.LoginActivity$5$1
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/parienligne/outils/LoadingDialog.java
 com.example.parienligne.outils.LoadingDialog
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/parier/PariFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.parier.PariFragmentArgs
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.parier.PariFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.parier.PariFragmentArgs$Builder
com/example/parienligne/services/IServiceClient.java
 com.example.parienligne.services.IServiceClient
com/example/parienligne/services/IServiceResultatPredit.java
 com.example.parienligne.services.IServiceResultatPredit
com/example/parienligne/services/IServiceCategorie.java
 com.example.parienligne.services.IServiceCategorie
com/example/parienligne/models/UserQrCode.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.UserQrCode
com/example/parienligne/databinding/CustomDialogBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.CustomDialogBinding
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/historique/HistoriqueFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.historique.HistoriqueFragmentArgs
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.historique.HistoriqueFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.historique.HistoriqueFragmentArgs$Builder
com/example/parienligne/databinding/RowHistoriqueBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.RowHistoriqueBinding
com/example/parienligne/models/ItemCategorie.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.ItemCategorie
com/example/parienligne/vues/MapsFragment.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.MapsFragment
 com.example.parienligne.vues.MapsFragment$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.MapsFragment$2
com/example/parienligne/models/ResponsePost.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.ResponsePost
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/historique/HistoriqueFragment.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.historique.HistoriqueFragment
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.historique.HistoriqueFragment$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.historique.HistoriqueFragment$MyAdapter
com/example/parienligne/models/PariCategorieChamp.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.PariCategorieChamp
 com.example.parienligne.models.PariCategorieChamp$Champ
 com.example.parienligne.models.PariCategorieChamp$Doc_pari_categorie_champ
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/map/MapFragment.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.map.MapFragment
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/parier/PariViewModel.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.parier.PariViewModel
com/example/parienligne/databinding/FragmentCompteBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.FragmentCompteBinding
com/example/parienligne/databinding/FragmentMapBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.FragmentMapBinding
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/mes_paris/MesParisViewModel.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisViewModel
com/example/parienligne/models/Categorie.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.Categorie
 com.example.parienligne.models.Categorie$Doc_cat
com/example/parienligne/models/Resultats_predit.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.Resultats_predit
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/mes_paris/MesParisFragment.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisFragment
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisFragment$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisFragment$1$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisFragment$2
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisFragment$2$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisFragment$MyAdapter1
com/example/parienligne/outils/PermissionUtils.java
 com.example.parienligne.outils.PermissionUtils
 com.example.parienligne.outils.PermissionUtils$PermissionDeniedDialog
 com.example.parienligne.outils.PermissionUtils$RationaleDialog
 com.example.parienligne.outils.PermissionUtils$RationaleDialog$1
com/example/parienligne/databinding/NavHeaderAccueilBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.NavHeaderAccueilBinding
com/example/parienligne/models/ClientResponse.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.ClientResponse
com/example/parienligne/models/modelTest/Item.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.modelTest.Item
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/mes_paris/MesParisFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisFragmentDirections
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.mes_paris.MesParisFragmentDirections$ActionNavMesParisToNavHistorique
com/example/parienligne/models/Historique.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.Historique
com/example/parienligne/services/RetrofitClient.java
 com.example.parienligne.services.RetrofitClient
com/example/parienligne/databinding/RowBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.RowBinding
com/example/parienligne/outils/SessionSharedPreferences.java
 com.example.parienligne.outils.SessionSharedPreferences
com/example/parienligne/databinding/FragmentMesParisBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.FragmentMesParisBinding
com/example/parienligne/models/Doc_Resultats_predits.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.Doc_Resultats_predits
com/example/parienligne/databinding/AppBarAccueilBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.AppBarAccueilBinding
com/example/parienligne/models/PariSportDoc.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.PariSportDoc
com/example/parienligne/models/Cote.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.Cote
com/example/parienligne/models/ClientRequest.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.ClientRequest
com/example/parienligne/models/PointDeVente.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.PointDeVente
 com.example.parienligne.models.PointDeVente$Doc_point_de_dente
com/example/parienligne/vues/MainActivity.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.MainActivity
 com.example.parienligne.vues.MainActivity$1
com/example/parienligne/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.parienligne.BuildConfig
com/example/parienligne/models/PariSport.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.PariSport
 com.example.parienligne.models.PariSport$Doc_pari
com/example/parienligne/models/Doc_pari_all_info.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.Doc_pari_all_info
 com.example.parienligne.models.Doc_pari_all_info$Categorie_champ
 com.example.parienligne.models.Doc_pari_all_info$Champ
com/example/parienligne/models/PanierItem.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.PanierItem
com/example/parienligne/services/IServicePariSport.java
 com.example.parienligne.services.IServicePariSport
com/example/parienligne/databinding/ActivityCompteBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.ActivityCompteBinding
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/parier/PariFragment.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.parier.PariFragment
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.parier.PariFragment$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.parier.PariFragment$2
com/example/parienligne/databinding/FragmentPariBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.FragmentPariBinding
com/example/parienligne/models/ChampParCategorie.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.ChampParCategorie
com/example/parienligne/models/Equipe.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.Equipe
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/compte/CompteViewModel.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.compte.CompteViewModel
com/example/parienligne/services/IServicePariCategorieChamp.java
 com.example.parienligne.services.IServicePariCategorieChamp
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/historique/HistoriqueViewModel.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.historique.HistoriqueViewModel
com/example/parienligne/vues/ui/map/MapViewModel.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.ui.map.MapViewModel
com/example/parienligne/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/parienligne/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/parienligne/models/InfoClient.java
 com.example.parienligne.models.InfoClient
com/example/parienligne/databinding/RowAddPanierBinding.java
 com.example.parienligne.databinding.RowAddPanierBinding
com/example/parienligne/vues/adapter/CategorieItemAdapter.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.CategorieItemAdapter
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.CategorieItemAdapter$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.CategorieItemAdapter$2
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.CategorieItemAdapter$3
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.CategorieItemAdapter$ItemViewHolder
com/example/parienligne/vues/adapter/PanierItemAdapter.java
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$2
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$3
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$4
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$ItemViewHolder
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$ItemViewHolder$1
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$ItemViewHolder$2
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$ItemViewHolder$3
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$ItemViewHolder$4
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$ItemViewHolder$5
 com.example.parienligne.vues.adapter.PanierItemAdapter$OnItemClickListener
